fixed typos (#322)
usebruno/bruno-docs: src/pages/open-api/overview.mdx

# OpenAPI and Bruno

> OpenAPI specification (AOS) is a standard format for reading and describing the RESTful APIs. It provides a framework for defining apis, endpoints, auth, headers and etc. This format is easy to read and maintain API documentations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAPI Specification (OAS) is a standard format for reading and describing HTTP APIs. This allows people to understand how an API works, how a sequence of APIs work together, generate client code, create tests, apply design standards, and more. 
```
